DOC: Edits to Ubuntu SOS; changed SOS/UOS to Service VM/User VM (#4395)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/using_ubuntu_as_sos.rst

> Using Ubuntu as the Service OS

Author: Should the title be updated to "Service VM"?

Reviewer: Let's make that: "Running Ubuntu in the Service VM". Would that work for you?

Author: Yes! I think this is much better and more accurate. Thanks.

                linux  /boot/acrn/org.clearlinux.iot-lts2018-sos.4.19.78-98  pci_devices_ignore=(0:18:1) console=tty0 console=ttyS0 root=PARTUUID=<UUID of rootfs partition> rw rootwait ignore_loglevel no_timer_check consoleblank=0 i915.nuclear_pageflip=1 i915.avail_planes_per_pipe=0x01010F i915.domain_plane_owners=0x011111110000 i915.enable_gvt=1 i915.enable_guc=0 hvlog=2M@0x1FE00000
        }

     .. note::

>           Adjust this to use your partition UUID (``PARTUUID``) for the ``root=`` parameter (or use the device node directly).

Reviewer: The alignment seems off here, or is it me?

Author: @gvancuts I made a few more updates and they aligned correctly when I viewed them locally. I'll check again.

          Adjust the kernel name if you used a different RPM file as the source of your Service VM kernel.

          The command line for the kernel in ``/etc/grub.d/40_custom``
          should be entered as a single line, not as multiple lines. Otherwise, the kernel will fail to boot.

   * Modify the ``/etc/default/grub`` file to make the grub menu visible
     when booting and make it load the Service VM kernel by default.
     Modify the lines shown below:

     .. code-block:: none

        GRUB_DEFAULT=ubuntu-service-vm
        #GRUB_TIMEOUT_STYLE=hidden
        GRUB_TIMEOUT=3

   * Update Grub on your system:

     .. code-block:: none

        sudo update-grub

#. Reboot the system.

>    Reboot the system. You should see the Grub menu with the new "ACRN ubuntu SOS" entry. Select it and proceed to booting the platform. The system will start the Ubuntu Desktop and you can now log in (as before).

Reviewer: Let's change it here too actually (and you'll need to make a similar adjustment to the line above that shows the `menuentry`:
```suggestion
   Reboot the system. You should see the Grub menu with the new "ACRN Ubuntu Service VM" entry. Select it and proceed to booting the platform. The system will start the Ubuntu Desktop and you can now log in (as before).
```

   .. note::

>        If you don't see the Grub menu after rebooting the system (and you are

Reviewer: Same here, is the alignment correct?

Author: Just checked. It looks correct.
